RESEARCH QUESTION AND VISUALIZATION REPORT
The outcomes of this analysis ought to reveal some trends between a movie's overall revenue and the number of theaters it opens in. The two primary variables in the dataset are "Total Gross," which displays the overall amount of money made by the film, and "Theaters," which indicates the number of theaters where a film is screened. Based on my examination of the scatterplots and histograms, I expect a positive correlation between these two variables, meaning that movies that are screened in more theaters would generally earn more money.

Movies that are released in more theaters are likely to make more money because they have a wider audience reach. A movie's likelihood of being seen increases with the number of theaters it screens in, which could result in higher ticket sales. The scatterplot, in my opinion, will demonstrate this tendency, and I anticipate seeing a pattern where the number of theaters rises in conjunction with the total gross revenue. I do anticipate that this trend will occasionally stray, though.


Despite being shown in fewer theaters, certain movies earn a lot of money. These could be movies with a sizable fan base or favorable reviews, which could help them succeed even with a modest run. On the other hand, certain movies that are screened in a lot of theaters could not do well at the box office. These might be movies that, although being widely released, don't draw audiences because of bad reviews or poor audience reception. Examining these outliers will be crucial since they can shed light on variables other than theater count that affect the movie's financial performance.

Looking at the histograms, I expect there to be some skew in the data. The "Total Gross" column might show a right-skewed distribution, meaning that while most movies will have moderate earnings, a few big hits will significantly outshine the rest. Similarly the "Theaters" column could also be skewed, with most movies being screened in a reasonable number of theaters and a select few being screened in an unusually high number. Examining this will be important since it could show how the size of a the movie's release affects its performance.


The analysis should ultimately reveal a positive relationship between the total income and the number of theaters. However, I also think that there will be occasional outliers that deviate from this pattern, suggesting that other elements, such as the caliber of the film or its appeal to the general public, are also important in predicting a film's financial success. We will have a better understanding of how a film's release strategy affects its box office performance thanks to this initiative.
